Hey, this is for your self-defense, you're welcome.
Thanks.
Just hide behind us when you encounter monsters in the future
You don't need to do it.
old woman
Did you encounter a demon?
It's not that I got my leg broken by an officer.
Left here to die
But I don't want to be eaten by a monster.
You be kind
Give Lao Shen a good time
Brother Zeng
Another inheritance
Are you tired at night?
Why don't I do it?
Good third brother
Brother Ye Xian
I think so.
If you carry a shemale ghost on your back
You can't resist
Yeah.
Stand still, the Liberation Army is stationed
This road is blocked
But can this woman keep you?
Grand Army Exercise
Why can only women enter?
Of course I love my people like a son
Look how moist this girl is
We are going to Beijing to escape.
Why are there still men, women and children?
Whose order is this?
I'll say it again.
This girl stays and gets out
What is Brother Zeng talking to his mother?
Just kill it